This is an archive of the text here in case it goes away: https://report.nih.gov/exporter-data-dictionary

RePORTER Project Data
ExPORTER	Description	RePORTER Search Fields	RePORTER -
export
Application_ID	A unique identifier of the project record in the RePORTER database.	Application ID	Application ID
Activity	A 3-character code identifying the grant, contract, or intramural activity through which a project is supported. Within each funding mechanism, NIH uses 3-character activity codes (e.g., F32, K08, P01, R01, T32, etc.) to differentiate the wide variety of research-related programs NIH supports. A comprehensive list of activity codes for grants and cooperative agreements may be found on the Types of Grant Programs Web page. RePORTER also includes R&D contracts (activity codes beginning with the letter N) and intramural projects (beginning with the letter Z).	Activity Code	Activity
Administering_IC	Administering Institute or Center - A two-character code to designate the agency, NIH Institute, or Center administering the grant. See Institute/Center code definitions.	Agency/ Institute/ Center	Administering IC
Application_Type	A one-digit code to identify the type of application funded: 1 = New application 2 = Competing continuation (also, competing renewal) 3 = Application for additional (supplemental) support. There are two kinds of type 3 competing revisions (which are peer-reviewed and administrative supplements) 4 = Competing extension for an R37 award or first non-competing year of a Fast-Track SBIR/STTR award 5 = Non-competing continuation 7 = Change of grantee institution 9 = Change of NIH awarding Institute or Division (on a competing continuation)	Award Type	Type
ARRA_Funded	“Y” indicates a project supported by funds appropriated through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.	NIH ARRA Selection	ARRA Indicator
Award_Notice_Date	Award notice date or Notice of Grant Award (NGA) is a legally binding document stating the government has obligated funds and which defines the period of support and the terms and conditions of award.	Award Notice Date	Award Notice Date
Budget_Start	The date when a project’s funding for a particular fiscal year begins.	NA	Budget Start Date
Budget_End	The date when a project’s funding for a particular fiscal year ends.	NA	Budget End Date
CFDA_Code	Federal programs are assigned a number in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA), which is referred to as the "CFDA code." The CFDA database helps the Federal government track all programs it has domestically funded	NA	CFDA Code
Core_Project_Num	An identifier for each research project, used to associate the project with publication and patent records. This identifier is not specific to any particular year of the project. It consists of the project activity code, administering IC, and serial number (a concatenation of Activity, Administering_IC, and Serial_Number).	Project Number	NA
ED_Inst_Type	Generic name for the grouping of components across an institution who has applied for or receives NIH funding. The official name as used by NIH is Major Component Combining Name	Organization Type	Organization Type
FOA_Number	The number of the funding opportunity announcement, if any, under which the project application was solicited. Funding opportunity announcements may be categorized as program announcements, requests for applications, notices of funding availability, solicitations, or other names depending on the agency and type of program. Funding opportunity announcements can be found at Grants.gov/FIND and in the NIH Guide to Grants and Contracts.	FOA	FOA
Full_Project_Num	Commonly referred to as a grant number, intramural project, or contract number. For grants, this unique identification number is composed of the type code, activity code, Institute/Center code, serial number, support year, and (optional) a suffix code to designate amended applications and supplements.	Project Number	Project Number
Funding_IC(s)	The NIH Institute or Center(s) providing funding for a project are designated by their acronyms (see Institute/Center acronyms). Each funding IC is followed by a colon (:) and the amount of funding provided for the fiscal year by that IC. Multiple ICs are separated by semicolons (;). Project funding information is available only for NIH, CDC, FDA, and ACF projects.	Agency/ Institute/ Center	Funding IC(s)
Funding_Mechanism	The major mechanism categories used in NIH Budget mechanism tables for the President’s budget. Extramural research awards are divided into three main funding mechanisms: grants, cooperative agreements and contracts. A funding mechanism is the type of funded application or transaction used at the NIH. Within each funding mechanism NIH includes programs. Programs can be further refined by specific activity codes.	Funding Mechanism	Funding Mechanism
FY	The fiscal year appropriation from which project funds were obligated.	Fiscal Year	Fiscal Year
IC_Name	Full name of the administering agency, Institute, or Center.	Agency/ Institute/ Center	IC
NIH_Spending_Cats	Congressionally-mandated reporting categories into which NIH projects are categorized. Available for fiscal years 2008 and later. Each project’s spending category designations for each fiscal year are made available the following year as part of the next President’s Budget request. See the Research, Condition, and Disease Categorization System for more information on the categorization process.	NIH Spending Category	NIH Spending Categorization
Org_City	The city in which the business office of the grantee organization or contractor is located. Note that this may be different from the research performance site. For all NIH intramural projects, Bethesda, MD is used.	City	Organization City
Org_Country	The country in which the business office of the grantee organization or contractor is located. Note that this may be different from the research performance site.	Country	Organization Country
Org_DEPT	The departmental affiliation of the contact principal investigator for a project, using a standardized categorization of departments. Names are available only for medical school departments.	Department Type	Department
Org_District	The congressional district in which the business office of the grantee organization or contractor is located. Note that this may be different from the research performance site.	Congressional District	Congressional District
Org_DUNS	This field may contain multiple DUNS Numbers separated by a semi-colon. The Data Universal Numbering System is a unique nine-digit number assigned by Dun and Bradstreet Information Services, recognized as the universal standard for identifying and keeping track of business worldwide.	NA	DUNS Number
Org_FIPS	The country code of the grantee organization or contractor as defined in the Federal Information Processing Standard.	NA	FIPS
ORG_IPF_CODE	The Institution Profile (IPF) number is an internal NIH identifier that uniquely identifies and associates institutional information within NIH electronic systems. The NIH assigns an IPF number after the institution submits its request for registration.	NA	Organization ID (IPF)
Org_Name	The name of the educational institution, research organization, business, or government agency receiving funding for the grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or intramural project.
Institutional Lookup This file is provided as an analytical resource, encompassing historical data snapshots, and aims to provide look-up values for any IPF code and DUNS number that are present in an ExPORTER file. As expected in such a longitudinal file, a single IPF may be associated with multiple DUNS or vice versa; Also, IPF and DUNS may be associated with multiple institution names as institutions have changed their structure and name over time. The file represents the data at the time the annual ExPORTER files are created.	Organization	Organization Name
Org_State	The state in which the business office of the grantee organization or contractor is located. Note that this may be different from the research performance site.	State	Organization State
Org_Zipcode	The zip code in which the business office of the grantee organization or contractor is located. Note that this may be different from the research performance site.	NA	Organization Zip
PHR	Submitted as part of a grant application, this statement articulates a project's potential to improve public health.	NA	Public Health Relevance
PI_ID(s)	A unique identifier for each of the project Principal Investigators. Each PI in the RePORTER database has a unique identifier that is constant from project to project and year to year, but changes may be observed for investigators that have had multiple accounts in the past, particularly for those associated with contracts or sub-projects.	Principal Investigator (PI)	Contact PI Person ID
PI_Name(s)	The name(s) of the Principal Investigator(s) designated by the organization to direct the research project.	Principal Investigator (PI)	Contact PI / Project Leader; Other PI or Project Leader(s)
Program_Officer_Name	An Institute staff member who coordinates the substantive aspects of a contract from planning the request for proposal to oversight.	Program Officer (PO)	Program Official Information
Project_Start	The start date of a project. For subprojects of a multi-project grant, this is the start date of the parent award.	Project Start Date	Project Start Date
Project_End	The current end date of the project, including any future years for which commitments have been made. For subprojects of a multi-project grant, this is the end date of the parent award. Upon competitive renewal of a grant, the project end date is extended by the length of the renewal award.	Project End Date	Project End Date
Project_Terms	Prior to fiscal year 2008, these were thesaurus terms assigned by NIH CRISP indexers. For projects funded in fiscal year 2008 and later, these are concepts that are mined from the project's title, abstract, and specific aims using an automated text mining tool.	Text Search	Project Terms
Project_Title	Title of the funded grant, contract, or intramural (sub)project.	Text Search	Project Title
Serial_Number	A six-digit number assigned in serial number order within each administering organization.	Project Number	Serial Number
Study_Section	A designator of the legislatively-mandated panel of subject matter experts that reviewed the research grant application for scientific and technical merit.	Study Section	NA
Study_Section_Name	The full name of a regular standing Study Section that reviewed the research grant application for scientific and technical merit. Applications reviewed by panels other than regular standing study sections are designated by “Special Emphasis Panel.”	Study Section	Study Section
Subproject_ID	A unique numeric designation assigned to subprojects of a “parent” multi-project research grant.	NA	Subproject Number
Suffix	A suffix to the grant application number that includes the letter "A" and a serial number to identify an amended version of an original application and/or the letter "S" and serial number indicating a supplement to the project.	Project Number	Suffix
Support_Year	The year of support for a project, as shown in the full project number. For example, a project with number 5R01GM0123456-04 is in its fourth year of support.	Project Number	Support Year
Direct_Cost_Amt	Total direct cost funding for a project from all NIH Institute and Centers for a given fiscal year. Costs are available only for NIH awards funded in FY 2012 onward. Direct cost amounts are not available for SBIR/STTR awards.	NA	Direct Cost IC
Indirect_Cost_Amt	Total indirect cost funding for a project from all NIH Institute and Centers for a given fiscal year. Costs are available only for NIH awards funded in FY 2012 and onward. Indirect cost amounts are not available for SBIR/STTR awards.	NA	InDirect Cost IC
Total_Cost	Total project funding from all NIH Institute and Centers for a given fiscal year. Costs are available only for:
NIH, CDC, FDA, and ACF grant awards (only the parent record of multi-project grants).
NIH intramural projects (activity codes beginning with “Z”) in FY 2007 and later fiscal years.
NIH contracts (activity codes beginning with “N”).
For multi-project grants, Total_Cost includes funding for all of the constituent subprojects. This field will be blank on subproject records; the total cost of each subproject is found in Total_Cost_Sub_Project.	Award Size	Total Cost
Total_Cost_Sub_Project	Applies to subproject records only. Total funding for a subproject from all NIH Institute and Centers for a given fiscal year. Costs are available only for NIH awards.	Award Size	Total Cost (Sub Projects)
NA	The geographic latitude coordinate of an Organization.	NA	Latitude
NA	The geographic longitude coordinate of an Organization.	NA	Longitude
NA	Projects awarded to study COVID-19 and related topics, as funded under:
RegCV - NIH regular appropriations funding
CV - Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2020
C3 - CARES Act (Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act)
C4 - Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act
C5 - Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2021
C6 - American Rescue Plan Act of 2021the geographic coordinate of an Organization
NIH COVID-19 Response	NIH COVID-19 Response
NA	When there are multiple Principal Investigators/Project Leaders, other Principal Investigators/Project Leaders are assigned to the project besides the main contact Principal Investigator.	Principal Investigator (PI)	Other PI or Project Leader(s)
NA	Total project funding for one NIH Institute and Centers for a project a given fiscal year.	Award Size	Total Cost IC
NA	Primary DUNS number of an organization when there are multiple DUNS assigned to the organization.	NA	Primary DUNS
NA	The Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) assigned to all entities (public and private companies, individuals, institutions, or organizations) who must register to do business with the federal government in SAM. Update: Notification of Upcoming Change in Federal-wide Unique Entity Identifier Requirements.	NA	UEI
NA	Primary UEI of an organization when there are multiple UEI assigned to the organization.	NA	Primary UEI